apps wc: Added groups for alertmanager rbac (#1035)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Bump falco-exporter chart to v0.8.0.
- Users are now not forced to use proxy for connecting to alertmanager but can use port-forward as well.

### Fixed

- `prometheus-blackbox-exporter's` internal thanos servicemonitor changed name to avoid name collisions.
- dex `topologySpreadConstraints` matchLabel was changed from `app: dex` to `app.kubernetes.io/name: dex` to increase stability of replica placements.

> - Fixed issue where user admin groups wouldn't be added to the user alertmanager rolebinding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue where user admin groups wasn't added to the user alertmanager rolebinding
```
